## A Bad Data Visulization:

<https://www.nature.com/articles/sdata201899>

\#About this site

This site is Scientific Data, and the article is " A research graph
dataset for connecting research data repositories using RD-Swithcboard".
The title is a little confusing, but after reading the article,
basically the data was used to show connectioned between international
data repositories to publications and grants accross multiple research
data infrastructures. Overall, this data allows reasearchers to trace
and follow paths to understanding a body of work.

It is easy to tell that this article is very specific and written for a
specific audience in mind. While I understand that is the point and
purpose behind the article, it is extreemly hard to follow the context
and the visuals dont really do any favors in helping the reader grasp
what is occuring.

\#what the visual is: Figure 4 illustrates the contribution of each
source to different node types. For both publications and researchers,
ORCID is the primary contributor to our graph while Da|ra, CERN, and
ANDS are contributing relative smaller portions. The majority of
datasets come from ANDS and Dryad. Furthermore, ANDS is the main source
of grant records in our graph. Most grants in our graph come from the
Australian Research Council (ARC) and National Health and Medical
Research Council (NHMRC) that are mainly derived from the ANDS data
source.

\#Figure 4: Data sources and Data Types

![PieChart](bad.jpg⁩)

To me this graph is bad for the following reasons:

1.It is hard to tell where the arrows labeling the sections are
acctually pointing to

2.  There are four pie charts in one visual, labled with A, B, C and D.
    So really this is like a fraction of a fraction sort of thing,
    making it very hard to read in just a few minutes

3.  Aside from thinking X color looks smaller then Y color, its hard to
    tell the acctual percents

4.  The visual comes accross as hard to read, but I really think this
    could have been explained in a few sentences.

## A Good Data Visulization:

<https://www.ucsusa.org/resources/satellite-database#.VF_jIlPF8Wg>

\#About this site

This database/ article was put together by the Union of Concerened
Scientists (UCS). It contains a Satalite database with a listing of over
2000 satellites currently in orbit aroud earth. They provide data as a
research tool for specialists and non-specialists to utilize what they
have collected and complied t be open-sourced data. They have an Excel
fie, a text deliminated versin as well as a striped file that takes out
the name portion.

While this site may not fall within the realm of what was required for
this assignment, I liked that the data was easily accessible, and the
explination and commentary surrounding the provided data was clear and
consice.

\#Who Has Satellites? Then and Now

Moving onto the data visulization that was shown on this site- while
simple, I really liked it. The graph was a map with a slider bar that
denoted the left side 1966 to 2016. The “who” portion is shown with
orange, and the striped orange indicated the space launching counties
with satellites.

While sperate from the graphic, there is also a “quick facts” that shows
some number break downs and as stated, facts.

![Satellites](good.png⁩)

\#Why I liked this graph

While this graph is by no means the best one out there, I liked it for
its simplicity. I do think that it should be more current, and possibly
have number breakdowns on the states, but I think the point is to see
the change in what states jumped on the satallite race and when etc.

Overall, I think that this graph is good, simply because it is super
easy to read, and it got the change across very easily.
